README.rst, before:

.. _docutils: http://docutils.sourceforge.net/
.. _Django: https://www.djangoproject.com/
.. _django-crispy-forms: https://github.com/maraujop/django-crispy-forms
.. _Foundation: http://github.com/zurb/foundation
.. _Foundation Grid: http://foundation.zurb.com/docs/grid.php

Introduction
============

This is a `Django`_ application to add `django-crispy-forms`_ layout objects for `Foundation`_.

Actually this is only to use specific templates and changing some CSS class names.

This app does not embed a `Foundation`_ release, you will have to install it yourself.

Links
*****

* Download his `PyPi package <http://pypi.python.org/pypi/crispy-forms-foundation>`_;
* Clone it on his `Github repository <https://github.com/sveetch/crispy-forms-foundation>`_;

Requires
========

* `django-crispy-forms`_ = 1.2.x;

Installation
============

Just register the app in your project settings like this :

.. sourcecode:: python

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        ...
        'crispy_forms',
        'crispy_forms_foundation',
        ...
    )

Then append this part to specify usage of the Foundation set :

.. sourcecode:: python

    # Default layout to use with "crispy_forms"
    CRISPY_TEMPLATE_PACK = 'foundation'

All other `django-crispy-forms`_ settings option apply, see its documentation for more details.

Usage
=====

Import **crispy-forms-foundation** then you can use the layout object in your forms :
    
.. sourcecode:: python

    from crispy_forms_foundation.layout import Layout, Fieldset, Field, SplitDateTimeField, RowFluid, Column, Div, ButtonHolder, Submit, HTML

    class YourForm(forms.ModelForm):
        """
        *Page* form
        """
        def __init__(self, *args, **kwargs):
            self.helper = FormHelper()
            self.helper.form_action = '.'
            self.helper.layout = Layout(
                Fieldset(
                    ugettext('Content'),
                    'title',
                    'content',
                ),
                Fieldset(
                    ugettext('Display settings'),
                    RowFluid(
                        Column('template', css_class='six'),
                        Column('order', css_class='three'),
                        Column('visible', css_class='three'),
                    ),
                ),
                Fieldset(
                    ugettext('Publish settings'),
                    'parent',
                    RowFluid(
                        Column(SplitDateTimeField('published'), css_class='six'),
                        Column('slug', css_class='six'),
                    ),
                ),
                ButtonHolder(
                    Submit('submit_and_continue', ugettext('Save and continue')),
                    Submit('submit', ugettext('Save')),
                ),
            )
            
            super(YourForm, self).__init__(*args, **kwargs)

The embedded templates are in ``crispy_forms_foundation/templates/foundation``.

Layout items
************

For now there is only three layout items dedicated to Foundation (Row, RowFluid, Column), other embedded items are cloned from the **uni_form** layout items from `django-crispy-forms`_.

Row
---

Act as a div container row, it will embed his items in a div like this : ::

    <div class"row">Your stuff</div>


RowFluid
--------

It has a same behaviour than `Row`_ but add a CSS class "row-fluid" that you can use to have top level row that take all the container width. You have to put the CSS for this class to your CSS stylesheet. It will embed his items in a div like this : ::

    <div class"row row-fluid">Your stuff</div>

The CSS to add should be something like this : ::

    .row-fluid {
        width: 100%;
        max-width: 100%;
        min-width: 100%;
    }

Column
------

This is the column from the `Foundation Grid`_, all columns should be contained in a `Row`_ or a `RowFluid`_ and you will have to define the column type in the ``css_class`` attribute.

With a ``css_class`` attribute defined to ``twelve``, it will embed his items in a div like this : ::

    <div class"columns twelve">Your stuff</div>

Commit message:

changed to foundation 4, removed row-fluid and altered column size classes

README.rst, after:

.. _docutils: http://docutils.sourceforge.net/
.. _Django: https://www.djangoproject.com/
.. _django-crispy-forms: https://github.com/maraujop/django-crispy-forms
.. _Foundation: http://github.com/zurb/foundation
.. _Foundation Grid: http://foundation.zurb.com/docs/grid.php

Introduction
============

This is a `Django`_ application to add `django-crispy-forms`_ layout objects for `Foundation`_.

Actually this is only to use specific templates and changing some CSS class names.

This app does not embed a `Foundation`_ release, you will have to install it yourself.

Links
*****

* Download his `PyPi package <http://pypi.python.org/pypi/crispy-forms-foundation>`_;
* Clone it on his `Github repository <https://github.com/sveetch/crispy-forms-foundation>`_;

Requires
========

* `django-crispy-forms`_ = 1.2.x;

Installation
============

Just register the app in your project settings like this :

.. sourcecode:: python

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        ...
        'crispy_forms',
        'crispy_forms_foundation',
        ...
    )

Then append this part to specify usage of the Foundation set :

.. sourcecode:: python

    # Default layout to use with "crispy_forms"
    CRISPY_TEMPLATE_PACK = 'foundation'

All other `django-crispy-forms`_ settings option apply, see its documentation for more details.

Usage
=====

Import **crispy-forms-foundation** then you can use the layout object in your forms :
    
.. sourcecode:: python

    from crispy_forms_foundation.layout import Layout, Fieldset, Field, SplitDateTimeField, RowFluid, Column, Div, ButtonHolder, Submit, HTML

    class YourForm(forms.ModelForm):
        """
        *Page* form
        """
        def __init__(self, *args, **kwargs):
            self.helper = FormHelper()
            self.helper.form_action = '.'
            self.helper.layout = Layout(
                Fieldset(
                    ugettext('Content'),
                    'title',
                    'content',
                ),
                Fieldset(
                    ugettext('Display settings'),
                    RowFluid(
                        Column('template', css_class='small-6'),
                        Column('order', css_class='small-3'),
                        Column('visible', css_class='small-3'),
                    ),
                ),
                Fieldset(
                    ugettext('Publish settings'),
                    'parent',
                    RowFluid(
                        Column(SplitDateTimeField('published'), css_class='small-6'),
                        Column('slug', css_class='small-6'),
                    ),
                ),
                ButtonHolder(
                    Submit('submit_and_continue', ugettext('Save and continue')),
                    Submit('submit', ugettext('Save')),
                ),
            )
            
            super(YourForm, self).__init__(*args, **kwargs)

The embedded templates are in ``crispy_forms_foundation/templates/foundation``.

Layout items
************

For now there are only two layout items dedicated to Foundation (Row and Column), other embedded items are cloned from the **uni_form** layout items from `django-crispy-forms`_.

Row
---

Act as a div container row, it will embed his items in a div like this : ::

    <div class"row">Your stuff</div>


Column
------

This is the column from the `Foundation Grid`_, all columns should be contained in a `Row`_ and you will have to define the column type in the ``css_class`` attribute.

With a ``css_class`` attribute defined to ``twelve``, it will embed his items in a div like this : ::

    <div class"columns twelve">Your stuff</div>
